.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH WBAR 1 "January 14, 2012"
.SH NAME
wbar \- a light and fast launch bar
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wbar
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B wbar
command.
.PP
\fBwbar\fP is a quick launch bar. Its fast, light and cool eye-candy.
.PP
The config file format is described in
.BR wbar-config (1) .
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-\-help, \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version, \-v
Show version of program.
.TP 
\fB\-\-config <file>\fP
Config file path (ie: $HOME/.wbar).
.TP
.B \-\-above-desk
Run over a desktop app (ie: xfdesktop).
.TP
.B \-\-noreload
Right click does not force reload anymore.
.TP
.B \-\-offset <value>
Offset bar (eg: 20).
.TP
.B \-\-isize <value>
Set icon size (eg: 32).
.TP
.B \-\-idist <value>
Set icon dist (eg: 1).
.TP
.B \-\-zoomf <value>
Set zoom factor (eg: 1.8 or 2.5).
.TP
.B \-\-jumpf <value>
Set jump factor (eg: 1.0 or 0.0).
.TP
.B \-\-pos <value>
Set position. Choose from top, bottom, left, right, center, <bot|top>-<right|left>.
.TP
.B \-\-grow
Investing icons growth.
.TP
.B \-\-dblclk <value in ms>
Set ms for double click (0: single click).
.TP
.B \-\-bpress
Icon gets pressed.
.TP
.B \-\-vbar
Show vertical bar.
.TP
.B \-\-balfa <value>
Set bar alfa (0-100).
.TP
.B \-\-falfa <value>
Set unfocused bar alfa (0-100).
.TP
.B \-\-filter <value>
Set color filter (0: none, 1: hovered, 2: others, 3: all).
.TP
.B \-\-fc <value>
Set filter color (default green 0xff00c800).
.TP
.B -\-nanim <value>
Set number of animated icons: 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, ...
.TP
.B \-\-nofont
If set disables font rendering.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wbar-config (1)
.SH AUTHORS
wbar was written by:
.TP
\- Krzysztof Burghardt <krzysztof@burghardt.pl>
.PP
\- Yadickson Soto <yadickson@gmail.com>
.PP
This manual page was written for the Debian project (and may be used by others) by:
.TP
\- Krzysztof Burghardt <krzysztof@burghardt.pl>
.PP
\- Yadickson Soto <yadickson@gmail.com>
.PP

